New Resource: `azurerm_nginx_configuration` (#18761)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/nginx_configuration.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Nginx"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_nginx_configuration"
description: |-

>   Manages a Nginx Configuration.
> ---
> 
> # azurerm_nginx_configuration
> 
> Manages a Nginx Configuration.

Reviewer: presumably this should be:

```suggestion
  Manages the configuration for an NGinx Deployment.
---

# azurerm_nginx_configuration

Manages the configuration for an NGinx Deployment.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_nginx_configuration" "test" {
  nginx_deployment_id = azurerm_nginx_deployment.test.id
  root_file           = "/etc/nginx/nginx.conf"

  config_file {

>     content      = "aHR0cCB7DQogICAgc2VydmVyIHsNCiAgICAgICAgbGlzdGVuIDgwOw0KICAgICAgICBsb2NhdGlvbiAvIHsNCiAgICAgICAgICAgIGRlZmF1bHRfdHlwZSB0ZXh0L2h0bWw7DQogICAgICAgICAgICByZXR1cm4gMjAwICc8IWRvY3R5cGUgaHRtbD48aHRtbCBsYW5nPSJlbiI+PGhlYWQ+PC9oZWFkPjxib2R5Pg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIDxkaXY+dGhpcyBvbmUgd2lsbCBiZSB1cGRhdGVkPC9kaXY+DQogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPGRpdj5hdCAxMDozOCBhbTwvZGl2Pg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPC9ib2R5PjwvaHRtbD4nOw0KICAgICAgICB9DQogICAgICAgIGluY2x1ZGUgc2l0ZS8qLmNvbmY7DQogICAgfQ0KfQ=="

Reviewer: we should show a real example using the `base64encode` HCL function

    virtual_path = "/etc/nginx/nginx.conf"
  }

  config_file {

>     content      = "DQogICAgICAgIGxvY2F0aW9uIC9iYmIgew0KICAgICAgICAgICAgZGVmYXVsdF90eXBlIHRleHQvaHRtbDsNCiAgICAgICAgICAgIHJldHVybiAyMDAgJzwhZG9jdHlwZSBodG1sPjxodG1sIGxhbmc9ImVuIj48aGVhZD48L2hlYWQ+PGJvZHk+DQogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPGRpdj50aGlzIG9uZSB3aWxsIGJlIHVwZGF0ZWQ8L2Rpdj4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8ZGl2PmF0IDEwOjM4IGFtPC9kaXY+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8L2JvZHk+PC9odG1sPic7DQogICAgICAgIH0NCg=="

Reviewer: we should show a real example using the `base64encode` HCL function

    virtual_path = "/etc/nginx/site/b.conf"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `config_file` - (Required) One or more `config_file` blocks as defined below.

* `nginx_deployment_id` - (Required) The ID of the Nginx Deployment. Changing this forces a new Nginx Configuration to be created.

* `root_file` - (Required) Specify the root file path of this Nginx Configuration.

---

* `package_data` - (Optional) Specify the package data for this configuration.

> * `protected_file` - (Optional) One or more `config_file` blocks as defined below.

Reviewer: this should be split out as it's own type, since (as above) presumably this encrypted config files, rather than regular unencrypted ones?

---

A `config_file` block supports the following:

> * `content` - (Required) Specify the content of this config file. Content value should be encoded by base64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `content` - (Required) Specifies the base-64 encoded contents of this config file.

-> You base-64 encode this value using [Terraform's `base64encode("value")` function](XXX)
```

* `virtual_path` - (Required) Specify the path of this config file.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

> * `id` - The ID of the Nginx Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of this NGinx Configuration.
```

> * `name` - The name of this Nginx Configuration. The value of configuration name is a fixed value as `default`. 

Reviewer: (as above) this isn't something we should expose?

```suggestion
```
